updating upgrade notes for style and grammar (#1553)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: installation/upgrade-notes.md

# Upgrade Notes

> The following article cover the relevant notes for users upgrading from previous
> Fluent Bit versions. These aim to cover compatibility changes that you must be aware of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following article covers the relevant compatibility changes for users upgrading
from previous Fluent Bit versions.
```

For more details about changes on each release, refer to the

>  [Official Release Notes](https://fluentbit.io/announcements/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Official Release Notes](https://fluentbit.io/announcements/).
```

Release notes will be prepared in advance of a Git tag for a release. An official
release should provide both a tag and a release note together to allow users to
verify and understand the release contents.

The tag drives the binary release process. Release binaries (containers and packages)
will appear after a tag and its associated release note. This lets users to expect
the new release binary to appear and allow/deny/update it as appropriate in their

> infrastructure.

Reviewer: These seem like internal process notes that we shouldn't or don't need to expose to users.

Author: I am definitely not the one who made that call :D

## Fluent Bit v1.6

If you are migrating from previous version of Fluent Bit, review the following
important changes:

### Tail Input Plugin

> By default, the plugin follows a file from the end once the service starts, instead
> of reading from the beginning. Every file found at start is followed from it last
> position. New files discovered at runtime or rotated are read from the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the tail input plugin follows a file from the end after the service starts,
instead of reading it from the beginning. Every file found when the plugin starts is
followed from it last position. New files discovered at runtime or rotated are read
from the beginning.
```

Reviewer: I don't know what the "rotated" bit is about and couldn't even venture a guess.

> To keep the old behavior, set the option `read_from_head` to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the old behavior, set the option `read_from_head` to `true`.
```

### Stackdriver Output Plugin

The `project_id` of
[resource](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/reference/v2/rest/v2/MonitoredResource)
in [LogEntry](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/reference/v2/rest/v2/LogEntry)
sent to Google Cloud Logging would be set to the `project_id` rather than the project
number. To learn the difference between Project ID and project number, see
[Creating and managing projects](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#before_you_begin).

If you have existing queries based on the resource's `project_id,` update your query accordingly.

## Fluent Bit v1.5

The migration from v1.4 to v1.5 is pretty straightforward.

> - If you enabled `keepalive` mode in your configuration, this configuration property
>   has been renamed to `net.keepalive`. Now all Network I/O keepalive is enabled by
>   default. To learn more about this and other associated configuration properties
>   read the
>   [Networking Administration](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/networking#tcp-keepalive)
>   section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `keepalive` configuration mode has been renamed to `net.keepalive`. Now,
  all Network I/O keepalive is enabled by default. To learn more about this and other
  associated configuration properties read the
  [Networking Administration](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/networking#tcp-keepalive)
  section.
```

> - If you use the Elasticsearch output plugin, note the default value of `type`
>   [changed from `flb_type` to `_doc`](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/commit/04ed3d8104ca8a2f491453777ae6e38e5377817e#diff-c9ae115d3acaceac5efb949edbb21196).
>   Many versions of Elasticsearch tolerate this, but ES v5.6 through v6.1 require
>   a `type` without a leading underscore. See the
>   [Elasticsearch output plugin documentation FAQ entry](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/elasticsearch#faq-underscore) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you use the Elasticsearch output plugin, the default value of `type`
  [changed from `flb_type` to `_doc`](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/commit/04ed3d8104ca8a2f491453777ae6e38e5377817e#diff-c9ae115d3acaceac5efb949edbb21196).
  Many versions of Elasticsearch tolerate this, but Elasticsearch v5.6 through v6.1
  require a `type` without a leading underscore. See the
  [Elasticsearch output plugin documentation FAQ entry](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/elasticsearch#faq-underscore) for more.
```

## Fluent Bit v1.4

> If you are migrating from Fluent Bit v1.3, there are no breaking changes, only new exciting features to enjoy :\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are migrating from Fluent Bit v1.3, there are no breaking changes.
```

Reviewer: I am killjoy.

Author: haha i was tempted but.

## Fluent Bit v1.3

If you are migrating from Fluent Bit v1.2 to v1.3, there are no breaking changes.
If you are upgrading from an older version, review the following incremental changes:

## Fluent Bit v1.2

### Docker, JSON, Parsers and Decoders

Fluent Bit v1.2 fixed many issues associated with JSON encoding and decoding.

> For example, when parsing Docker logs it's no longer necessary** to use decoders. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when parsing Docker logs, it's no longer necessary to use decoders. The
```

    Time_Keep    On
```

### Kubernetes Filter

Fluent Bit made improvements to Kubernetes Filter handling of stringified `log`
messages. If the `Merge_Log` option is enabled, it will try to handle the log content
as a JSON map, if so, it will add the keys to the root map.

> In addition, fixes and improvements where made to the  `Merge_Log_Key` option. If a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, fixes and improvements were made to the  `Merge_Log_Key` option. If a
```

## Fluent Bit v1.1

> If you are upgrading from Fluent Bit &lt;= 1.0.x review the following relevant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading from Fluent Bit 1.0.x, review the following relevant
```

Reviewer: Seems like garbage characters.

Author: oh no it's for  <1.0.x in the UI - versions before 1.0.  Which means the text is still wrong stylistically but it's not incorrect in the display

kube.var.log.containers.apache.log
```

> but the change introduced in 1.0 series switched from absolute path to the base filename only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change introduced in the 1.0 series switched from absolute path to the base
filename only:
```

```text
kube.apache.log
```

THe Fluent Bit v1.1 release restored the default behavior and now the Tag is
composed using the absolute path of the monitored file.

Having absolute path in the Tag is relevant for routing and flexible configuration
where it also helps to keep compatibility with Fluentd behavior.

This behavior switch in Tail input plugin affects how Filter Kubernetes operates.
When the filter is used it needs to perform local metadata lookup that comes from the
file names when using Tail as a source. With the new `Kube_Tag_Prefix` option

> you can specify what's the prefix used in Tail input plugin, for the previous configuration
> example the new configuration will look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can specify the prefix used in the Tail input plugin. For the previous configuration
example the new configuration will look like:
```
